Remove WASM_JS_TYPES setting (#26739)
emscripten-core/emscripten: ChangeLog.md

5.0.7 (in development)
----------------------

> - The `WASM_JS_TYPES` setting was removed. The corresponsing propsal was pushed

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The `WASM_JS_TYPES` setting was removed, as the corresponding proposal was pushed
```
